feat: add CPEX policy filter (#615)
shaneutt/praxis: docs/filters/reference.md

| Filter | Feature | Description |
|--------|---------|-------------|
| [`cors`](http/security/cors.md) | - | Spec-compliant CORS filter implementing origin validation, preflight handling, and response header injection. |

> | [`cpex`](http/security/cpex.md) | `cpex` | Configuration block for a `cpex` filter slot in a Praxis filter chain. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`policy`](http/security/policy.md) | `policy` | Configuration for policies in Praxis using `cpex` policy engine |
```
